README.md, before:

# Manual_MarvelRivals_ItzTrackz
An Manual Archipelago for Marvel Rivals.
You can change the YAML file to your name, but don’t change anything in the YAML. The items randomized are all of the characters, your shift, E, F, keys, and right click. Also, we randomized team-up abilities. (The checks for team-up abilities are called bonus ability slots.) 

The checks are as follows:

Win Match 1

Win Match 2

Win Match 3

Win Match 4

Win Match 5

Win Match 6

Win Match 7

Win Match 8

Win Match 9

Win Match 10

Get MVP 1

Get MVP 2

Get SVP 1

Get SVP 2

Win with 0 Deaths

Most Kills

Most Assists

Triple KO

Quad KO

Quintuple KO

Sextuple KO

Say GG in All Chat

Play with 2 Friends

Play 18 vs 18

Comp Win 24+ RR

Match No Abilities 1

Match No Abilities 2

Match No Abilities 3

Inverted Controls (Whole match)

Take First Point

CC 3 Ults (within 2 matches)

Kill Unseen (kill a person w/o them seeing them)

Win as Tank

Win as Healer

Win as DPS

DPS 10k Damage (in a match)

DPS 20k Damage (in a match)

Healer 10k Heal (in a match)

Healer 20k Heal (in a match)

Tank 10k Block (in a match)

Tank 20k Block (in a match)

Keep Teammate Alive Match

Keep Teammate Alive Round

Most Damage

Most Blocked

Most Healed

Full Heal 3 Critical Teammates

Get Ult 3 Times (in a match)

Get Ult 5 Times (in a match)

Kill 3 in 1 Ult

Win No Hero Swap (win without swapping)

Win Full Team Alive (win with all people alive at the end)

Win No Ult Usage

Win Shared Modifiers Only (if you even do a match without ablitys then you can check this)

Win Full Team Combo (team ace)

Win After Penalty (eg. playing with inverted controls, playing with 20 fps, etc. [Be creative!])

3 Match Streak (winning streak)

Win Only Tanking (NO DAMAGE JUST DAMAGE TAKEN)

Win Within 8 Mins

Win Within 6 Mins

Final Goal (Once you get all characters)

Commit message:

Update README with detailed YAML and team-up abilities
Clarified instructions on YAML file and bonus ability slots.

README.md, after:

# Manual_MarvelRivals_ItzTrackz
An Manual Archipelago for Marvel Rivals.
You can change the YAML file to your name, but don’t change anything in the YAML. The items randomized are all of the characters, your shift, E, F, keys, and right click. Also, we randomized team-up abilities. (For bonus ability slots, you can choose 1 key to unlock for A hero, not all of them, A hero. Make sure to remember!) 

You start with 2 tanks, 2 healers, and 2 DPS

The checks are as follows:

Win Match 1

Win Match 2

Win Match 3

Win Match 4

Win Match 5

Win Match 6

Win Match 7

Win Match 8

Win Match 9

Win Match 10

Get MVP 1

Get MVP 2

Get SVP 1

Get SVP 2

Win with 0 Deaths

Most Kills

Most Assists

Triple KO

Quad KO

Quintuple KO

Sextuple KO

Say GG in All Chat

Play with 2 Friends

Play 18 vs 18

Comp Win 24+ RR

Match No Abilities 1

Match No Abilities 2

Match No Abilities 3

Inverted Controls (Whole match)

Take First Point

CC 3 Ults (within 2 matches)

Kill Unseen (kill a person w/o them seeing them)

Win as Tank

Win as Healer

Win as DPS

DPS 10k Damage (in a match)

DPS 20k Damage (in a match)

Healer 10k Heal (in a match)

Healer 20k Heal (in a match)

Tank 10k Block (in a match)

Tank 20k Block (in a match)

Keep Teammate Alive Match

Keep Teammate Alive Round

Most Damage

Most Blocked

Most Healed

Full Heal 3 Critical Teammates

Get Ult 3 Times (in a match)

Get Ult 5 Times (in a match)

Kill 3 in 1 Ult

Win No Hero Swap (win without swapping)

Win Full Team Alive (win with all people alive at the end)

Win No Ult Usage

Win Shared Modifiers Only (if you even do a match without ablitys then you can check this)

Win Full Team Combo (team ace)

Win After Penalty (eg. playing with inverted controls, playing with 20 fps, etc. [Be creative!])

3 Match Streak (winning streak)

Win Only Tanking (NO DAMAGE JUST DAMAGE TAKEN)

Win Within 8 Mins

Win Within 6 Mins

Final Goal (Once you get all characters)
